we haven't been students for over two
years now but what we were the four of
us were international students which was
definitely the first big step outside a
comfort zone evolving from a state to
feeling lost in a new place to slowly
turning it into our home is an extremely
gratifying experience so today we
thought would bring back these old
memories from our college years by
pretending to be students for an entire
day we're at University of Helsinki in
Finland a country which tops the
rankings as the best global education
system in the world year after year with
a broad curriculum unique approach to
teaching and a high standard held
towards the teachers Finland has simply
figured it out and the University of
Helsinki was awesome enough to fly us
out to Finland and let us experience
freely what being a student at their
school is like we told them that since
the stereotype around Finnish people is
that they're cold towards strangers we
were going to spend the entire day
wandering around their campus trying to
blend in our goal for the day is to
interact with as many students as
possible make some new friends and
hopefully get invited to a party to end
the night celebrating the Finnish way I
hope in a student in what three years
hopefully uh I still have my lazy
student at a different haven't really
decided what I'm studying yet I'll just
be making it up on the spot Finnish
people are a little quiet especially
with strangers we have to project my
energy and not be as awkward as I
usually am with strangers because if I'm
awkward and they're awkward it's just
gonna be awful do you a student
guess not are you a student
[Music]
this is a little more comfortable than I
thought
it's a seat free nice are you from
Finland no I'm Thomas
I know 0 Finnish so I'm trying to like
pick up a little bit I'm just an
exchange student here for like 24 hours
quick exchange you know I'm studying up
they have throw ecology of snakes and
cold weather and to see like what kind
of snakes live in cold weather you know
what's your name go away Cullen Thomas
yeah good luck Cheers I studied like the
implications of snakes and culture it's
online
Egyptian the snakes and all that stuff
that'll be finished by my traveler did
you know what this books about is
writing scientifically Wow might be hard
to start a study like the business of
like a snake you say farming it's pretty
cool
cheers man yeah nice to meet you too
making friends left and right I need to
find a Class A if I my class I'm late
[Music]
sorry I think I'm late oh okay
I don't think sorry
she's still confused to me which classes
this
I'll try it is a big lecture hall Bob
[Music]
excuse me everybody just a quick thing
I'm gonna exchange here for about like
24 hours and I just wanted to thank
everybody for being so nice and just
wanted to wish everybody a happy weekend
so thank you guys I love Finland oh all
right give this professor yeah okay all
right so we've been talking to quite a
few students but still haven't found a
party it's three o'clock the goal will
be to infiltrate in or get invited to a
finished party to actually talk to
locals and actually talk to students I
get an authentic experience family
Finnish people are a little quieter in
public but they really let loose at
their parties so hey guys I'm new here
can I sit with you yeah what's up man
how's it going
found it I'm Thomas boom boom doemi hi
how are you how's it going
I have a question I'm on exchange and
I'm trying to find
you guys know of any parties happening
tonight I'm like here for 24 hour
exchange yeah I don't have any friends
okay yeah I'm gonna exchange for like 24
hours okay
cuz I study like snakes in in the cold
weather
snakes I was wondering if there's any
parties happening tonight do you know of
any parties happening tonight do you
know if there's any parties going on
tonight okay
do you guys know what that jokes are can
I tell you something
why couldn't oh the paper across the
road because it was stuck in a crack
what's the difference between a snow man
in a snow woman snowballs yeah okay I'm
glad we're also looking to like join a
student party tonight are you guys going
to any parties not tonight
well thank you guys for being good
sports bye hey amen do you know if
there's any parties going on tonight I
mean there's the eyes you have to party
are you going to that probably I'm
trying to like go to a party with people
I don't know but to challenge myself
[Music]
after a day a University of Helsinki we
realize that no matter how strange your
background might be and lost you might
see him you'll still make friends
infants
and that's always there
[Music]